# Smoke-and-Fog-Simulation
A simulation with drone controls, collision detection, lighting, shadows, smoke and fog.
A simulation with drone controls, collision detection, lighting, shadows, smoke and fog. Controls: ’W’, ’A’, ’S’, ’D’ - hold ’W’ to accelerate in the direction of the camera, ’A’ and ’D’ to strafe and ’S’ to reverse. ’SPACE’ - hold key to ascend. ’CTRL’ - hold key to descend. ’SHIFT’ - hold key for a speed boost when accelerating forward, doubles the speed limit and triples the acceleration. ’F’ - press key to toggle spotlight. ’G’ - hold key to descend and land, the drone will level itself out automatically on landing and shut off the engine, disabling movement controls and hovering animation. ’E’-press key t ostart the engine, the drone will take off and controls and hovering animation will be re-enabled. ’+’ and ’-’ - press to zoom camera in and out. ’1’ - press key to switch to front facing camera below the drone. ’2’ - press key to switch to front facing camera on top of the drone. ’3’ - press key to switch camera to the third person view. ’4’ - press key to switch camera to the drone controller’s point of view. ’5’ - press key to switch camera to the top-down view of the drone. ’6’ - press key to switch camera to the rear facing camera below the drone. ’X’ - press key to disable/enable smoke rendering. ’C’ - press key to pause/continue the day and night cycle. ’V’ - press key to disable/enable collision detection. ’B’ - press key to toggle the octree bounding box outlines.
